parent	name	sentence	notes
body	chest-and-back	Focus your attention on the sensations in your chest and back. 	
body	head-and-face	Focus your attention on the sensations in your head and face. 	
body	left-arm	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left arm. 	
body	left-foot	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left foot. 	
body	left-hand	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left hand. 	
body	left-leg	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left leg. 	
body	neck-and-shoulders	Focus your attention on the sensations in your neck and shoulders. 	
body	pelvis-and-belly	Focus your attention on the sensations in your pelvis and belly. 	
body	right-arm	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right arm. 	
body	right-foot	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right foot. 	
body	right-hand	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right hand. 	
body	right-leg	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right leg. 	
face	chin	Focus your attention on the sensations in your chin. 	
face	forehead	Focus your attention on the sensations in your forehead. 	
face	jaw-muscles	Focus your attention on the sensations in your jaw and jaw muscles. 	
face	left-cheek	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left cheek. 	
face	left-eye	Focus your attention on the sensations in and around your left eye. 	
face	lips	Focus your attention on the sensations in your lips. 	
face	nose	Focus your attention on the sensations in your nose. 	
face	right-cheek	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right cheek. 	
face	right-eye	Focus your attention on the sensations in and around your right eye. 	
face	teeth-gums	Focus your attention on the sensations in your teeth and gums. 	
face	throat-sinuses	Focus your attention on the sensations in your throat and sinuses. 	
face	tongue-roof	Focus your attention on the sensations in your tongue and the roof of your mouth. 	
input	click-somewhere	Click somewhere on the picture of the body on the screen. 	
left-hand	left-back-hand	Focus your attention on the sensations in the back of your left hand. 	
left-hand	left-fingertips	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left finger tips. 	
left-hand	left-hand-heel	Focus your attention on the sensations in the heel of your left hand. 	
left-hand	left-index-finger	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left index finger. 	
left-hand	left-knuckles	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left knuckles. 	
left-hand	left-middle-finger	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left middle finger. 	
left-hand	left-palm	Focus your attention on the sensations in the palm of your left hand. 	
left-hand	left-pinky-finger	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left pinky finger. 	
left-hand	left-ring-finger	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left ring finger. 	
left-hand	left-thumb	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left thumb. 	
left-hand	left-thumb-base	Focus your attention on the sensations in the base of your left thumb. 	
left-hand	left-wrist	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left wrist. 	
right-hand	right-back-hand	Focus your attention on the sensations in the back of your right hand. 	
right-hand	right-fingertips	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right finger tips. 	
right-hand	right-hand-heel	Focus your attention on the sensations in the heel of your right hand. 	
right-hand	right-index-finger	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right index finger. 	
right-hand	right-knuckles	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right knuckles. 	
right-hand	right-middle-finger	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right middle finger. 	
right-hand	right-palm	Focus your attention on the sensations in the palm of your right hand. 	
right-hand	right-pinky-finger	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right pinky finger. 	
right-hand	right-ring-finger	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right ring finger. 	
right-hand	right-thumb	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right thumb. 	
right-hand	right-thumb-base	Focus your attention on the sensations in the base of your right thumb. 	
right-hand	right-wrist	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right wrist. 	
shoulders	right-shoulder-joint	Focus your attention on the sensations around the joint of your right shoulder. 	
shoulders	left-shoulder-joint	Focus your attention on the sensations around the joint of your left shoulder. 	
shoulders	between-shoulders	Focus your attention on the sensations between your shoulderblades. 	
shoulders	right-above-collar	Focus your attention on the sensations above your right collarbone. 	
shoulders	left-above-collar	Focus your attention on the sensations above your left collarbone. 	
shoulders	right-shoulder-muscles	Focus your attention on the sensations in the muscles of your right shoulder. 	
shoulders	left-shoulder-muscles	Focus your attention on the sensations in the muscles of your left shoulder. 	
shoulders	back-neck	Focus your attention on the sensations in the back of your neck. 	
shoulders	right-ear	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right ear. 	
shoulders	left-ear	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left ear. 	
shoulders	top-head	Focus your attention on the sensations in the top of your head. 	
shoulders	back-head	Focus your attention on the sensations in the back of your head. 	
right-foot	right-big-toe	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right big toe. 	
right-foot	right-second-toe	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right second toe. 	
right-foot	right-middle-toe	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right middle toe. 	
right-foot	right-fourth-toe	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right fourth toe. 	
right-foot	right-little-toe	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right little toe. 	small? Pinky?
right-foot	right-top-foot	Focus your attention on the sensations in the top of your right foot. 	
right-foot	right-foot-arch	Focus your attention on the sensations in the arch of your right foot. 	
right-foot	right-ankle	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right ankle. 	
right-foot	right-heel	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right heel. 	
right-foot	right-foot-ball	Focus your attention on the sensations in the balls of your right foot. 	
right-foot	right-foot-bottom	Focus your attention on the sensations in the bottom of your right foot. 	
right-foot	right-between-toes	Focus your attention on the sensations between the toes of your right foot. 	
left-foot	left-big-toe	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left big toe. 	
left-foot	left-second-toe	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left second toe. 	
left-foot	left-middle-toe	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left middle toe. 	
left-foot	left-fourth-toe	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left fourth toe. 	
left-foot	left-little-toe	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left little toe. 	small? Pinky?
left-foot	left-top-foot	Focus your attention on the sensations in the top of your left foot. 	
left-foot	left-foot-arch	Focus your attention on the sensations in the arch of your left foot. 	
left-foot	left-ankle	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left ankle. 	
left-foot	left-heel	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left heel. 	
left-foot	left-foot-ball	Focus your attention on the sensations in the balls of your left foot. 	
left-foot	left-foot-bottom	Focus your attention on the sensations in the bottom of your left foot. 	
left-foot	left-between-toes	Focus your attention on the sensations between the toes of your left foot. 	
left-leg	left-calf	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left calf.	
left-leg	left-shin	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left shin. 	
left-leg	left-kneecap	Focus your attention on the sensations around your left kneecap. 	
left-leg	left-knee-back	Focus your attention on the sensations in the back of your left knee. 	
left-leg	left-quad	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left quadriceps. 	
left-leg	left-ham	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left hamstring. 	
left-leg	left-thigh-outer	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left outer thigh. 	
left-leg	left-thigh-inner	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left inner thigh. 	
left-leg	left-hip	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left hip. 	
right-leg	right-calf	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right calf. 	
right-leg	right-shin	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right shin. 	
right-leg	right-kneecap	Focus your attention on the sensations around your right kneecap. 	
right-leg	right-knee-back	Focus your attention on the sensations in the back of your right knee. 	
right-leg	right-quad	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right quadriceps. 	
right-leg	right-ham	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right hamstring. 	
right-leg	right-thigh-outer	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right outer thigh. 	
right-leg	right-thigh-inner	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right inner thigh. 	
right-leg	right-hip	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right hip. 	
left-arm	left-forearm-back	Focus your attention on the sensations in the back of your left forearm. 	
left-arm	left-forearm-palm	Focus your attention on the sensations in the palm side of your left forearm. 	
left-arm	left-elbow-outer	Focus your attention on the sensations around the tip of your left elbow. 	
left-arm	left-elbow-inner	Focus your attention on the sensations on the inside of your left elbow. 	
left-arm	left-triceps	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left triceps. 	
left-arm	left-biceps	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left biceps. 	
left-arm	left-deltoid	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left deltoid. 	
left-arm	left-armpit	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left armpit. 	
right-arm	right-forearm-back	Focus your attention on the sensations in the back of your right forearm. 	
right-arm	right-forearm-palm	Focus your attention on the sensations in the palm side of your right forearm. 	
right-arm	right-elbow-outer	Focus your attention on the sensations around the tip of your right elbow. 	
right-arm	right-elbow-inner	Focus your attention on the sensations on the inside of your right elbow. 	
right-arm	right-triceps	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right triceps. 	
right-arm	right-biceps	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right biceps. 	
right-arm	right-deltoid	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right deltoid. 	
right-arm	right-armpit	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right armpit. 	
upper-torso	left-shoulderblade	Focus your attention on the sensations around your left shoulderblade. 	
upper-torso	right-shoulderblade	Focus your attention on the sensations around your right shoulderblade. 	
upper-torso	middle-upper-back	Focus your attention on the sensations in the middle of your upper back. 	
upper-torso	middle-back	Focus your attention on the sensations in the middle of your back. 	
upper-torso	lower-left-upper-back	Focus your attention on the sensations in the lower left of your upper back. 	
upper-torso	lower-right-upper-back	Focus your attention on the sensations in the lower right of your upper back. 	
upper-torso	left-pec	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left pectoral muscles. 	
upper-torso	right-pec	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right pectoral muscles. 	
upper-torso	sternum	Focus your attention on the sensations in your sternum. 	
upper-torso	left-ribs	Focus your attention on the sensations in the left side of your ribcage. 	
upper-torso	right-ribs	Focus your attention on the sensations in the right side of your ribcage. 	
lower-torso	belly-button	Focus your attention on the sensations around your belly button. 	
lower-torso	left-side	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left side below your ribs. 	
lower-torso	right-side	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right side below your ribs. 	
lower-torso	lower-left-back	Focus your attention on the sensations in the left side of your lower back. 	
lower-torso	lower-right-back	Focus your attention on the sensations in the right side of your lower back. 	
lower-torso	tailbone	Focus your attention on the sensations around your tailbone. 	
lower-torso	genitals	Focus your attention on the sensations in your genitals. 	
lower-torso	left-buttock	Focus your attention on the sensations in your left buttock. 	
lower-torso	right-buttock	Focus your attention on the sensations in your right buttock. 	
lower-torso	below-belly	Focus your attention on the sensations below your belly button. 	
lower-torso	anus-perineum	Focus your attention on the sensations in your anus and perineum. 	
